Tenant
=======================================================

An OCS Customer Tenant Account

	The following code shows the JSON-serialized Tenant object for HTTP requests and responses:

.. _TenantObj: 

.. highlight:: C#

::

 {
	"Id": "id",                            //GUID for this Tenant. Generated by the server upon Creation. Same as AAD Id.
	"DomainName": "domainname",            //Domain Name of this Tenant.
	"CompanyName": "companyname",          //Company Name of this Tenant.
	"State": 0,                            //Current Tenant Provisioning State for this Tenant.
	"Created": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",      //Date and time this Tenant was added to OCS.
	"LastUpdated": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",  //Date this Tenant was last updated.
	"IsCustomerOwnedDirectory": false,     //Specifies whether the Directory for this Tenant is owned by a customer (true) or managed on their behalf by OSIsoft (false).
	"Features": []                         //List of Feature States for this Tenant. Returned during get calls.
 }

``GetTenant()``
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Get a specific tenant by ID

**Http**

::

	GET api/Tenants/{tenantId}

**Parameters**

``String tenantId``
	The :ref:`Tenant <TenantObj>` identifier for this request

**Security**
	Allowed by Account Member :ref:`Role <RoleObj>`

**Returns**
	:ref:`Tenant <TenantObj>` with the specified tenant ID



|

**********************

``TenantExists()``
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Check if a tenant with a specific id exists

**Http**

::

	HEAD api/Tenants/{tenantId}

**Parameters**

``String tenantId``
	ID of the tenant the application belongs to.

**Security**
	Allowed by Account Member :ref:`Role <RoleObj>`

**Returns**
	HttpStatusCode OK or HttpStatusCode NotFound



|

**********************


